TODO:

====Nuts & Bolts====
Make 'create' ajax call more dynamic. i.e. update the list of flashcards, as well as subject/category dropdowns.

====Aesthetics====
Adjust margins

====Interface====
Show date of question
Change 'category' to 'topic'
Confirm added question
Predictive typing when typing subject/category
Number of total questions
Character counter when typing?

====Features====
Download CSV
Images to associate with flashcards
Be able to assign big idea, detail to question
Search box
Login
Graph of questions/day, etc
Tabs between question and add question

====Bugs====
The category dropdown seems to be updating when page is refreshed, but the category for add isn't. (not sure if this problem persists.)


-rate questions by importance and by how well it is understood
-feature for testing. Choose to test n questions. Allow for testing by subject and/or category. Allow to test from today, yesterday, and the last week including today or not.
-feature for testing over all flashcards. Each flashcard will have an urgency value attached to it. This value will be a function of importance, level of comprehension, and time since it was last answered. Highest score wins. A zero would be a flashcard that was answered today with high comprehension and low importance. A hundred would be a flashcard that hasn't been seen in over two weeks, with high importance and low comprehension.
-the above feature is cooler than it is useful.
-log each question as its answered. Only when comprehension/importance is attached to it.
